#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
click==8.0.1
    # via mkdocs
ghp-import==2.0.1
    # via mkdocs
htmlmin==0.1.12
    # via mkdocs-minify-plugin
importlib-metadata==4.6.3
    # via
    #   click
    #   markdown
    #   mkdocs
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-macros-plugin
    #   mkdocs-material
jsmin==2.2.2
    # via mkdocs-minify-plugin
markdown==3.3.4
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-code-validator
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   pymdown-extensions
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via mkdocs
mkdocs==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-code-validator
    #   mkdocs-ezlinks-plugin
    #   mkdocs-literate-nav
    #   mkdocs-macros-plugin
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocs-minify-plugin
    #   mkdocs-redirects
    #   mkdocs-section-index
mkdocs-code-validator==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-ezlinks-plugin==0.1.12
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-literate-nav==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-macros-plugin==0.5.12
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-material==8.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-material-extensions
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-material
mkdocs-minify-plugin==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-redirects==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-section-index==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==21.0
    # via mkdocs
pygments==2.11.2
    # via mkdocs-material
pygtrie==2.4.2
    # via mkdocs-ezlinks-plugin
pymdown-extensions==9.2
    # via
    #   mkdocs-code-validator
    #   mkdocs-material
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   ghp-import
    #   mkdocs-macros-plugin
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-macros-plugin
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   mkdocs-redirects
    #   python-dateutil
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via mkdocs-macros-plugin
typing-extensions==3.10.0.0
    # via importlib-metadata
watchdog==2.1.3
    # via mkdocs
zipp==3.5.0
    # via importlib-metadata
